hey everyone I'm Alex that's Neil and
today we are going to recast harry
potter and don't get really angry at us
okay we like the casting that exists but
we thought it'd be fun kind of mess with
the idea maybe the other actors maybe we
could put in those roles the titular
character don't laugh I'm not laughing
he's the titular character Harry Potter
Andrew Garfield I like him because he's
so awkward in spite yeah oh yeah oh he's
like bum boys a guy doesn't have
explosive a ver he's supposed to be
super awkward Josh Hutcherson would be
really good at this because he is uh
he's like sweetness to him is gonna bet
a sweet face you gotta give me some
platform shoes but Ron should be played
by on a dave Franco cuz runs funny in
the book yeah Ron's like really funny
you know Franco voice ever they got
specific sense of humor grand always
looks like he's half asleep too yeah
really what kind of tired we start
driving around that ice cream truck
nicholas hoult from the warm bodies
movie oh the zombie hey guys bad job you
look look good as a ginger a lot of
people with I would cast everybody is do
everything member Watson was really good
she bought I would like to have seen
Anna Kendrick I think she would be
really good okay I do a little cup song
while she did some attitude what about
Jennifer Lawrence soon should be a
shepherd bookish she's very smart she's
very witty to look I will take care of
for Lawrence any time in any moral orel
he did joke about casting this top to
bottom with Jackie Chan jockey Chan
engine it's okay just like my dream does
it also would be good she's recently
cast as the Scarlet Witch in Avengers 2
and I trust Joss Whedon's judgment in
Jaws we trust Carey Mulligan from the
great gatsby and blank of course yeah I
think she would be very good for mine
Dumbledore would definitely be Ian
McKellen because I just love him Patrick
Stewart Oh gave him a nice full beer in
the nice header white hair actors two
were definitely bringing a playfulness
yeah we do it one other person that I
can see being really good as Dumbledore
would be Meryl Streep she could
essentially play any role what you
wanted you she can do anything so
dreamcast Jackie Chan Jennifer Lawrence
and Meryl Streep that's it Hagrid i
think is very easy i don't know the guys
name but the guy plays Hodor yeah you
guys haven't do the same thing he only
says Hagrid all food
department had recovered it it's like a
potter puppet pals McGonigle I think
Allison Janney from the west wing will
you really be a choice yeah he should be
very studious very stern but also
lovable right she can make a joke yeah
hold on Joffrey in Game of Thrones I
think he's just he's he's essentially
draco in Game of Thrones with a crossbow
he's like drinking with a crossbow King
Joffrey oh that's why he'd be a perfect
Drake oh hush a little of ditch that be
you know kind of out there kind of weird
so I'm gonna go with a made his
Siegfried yeah yeah cuz she she plays
some weird characters sometimes she
played someone's dead best friend to
Veronica Mars I think she will like the
whole airy crazy deal our see Sarah see
Ronan from the lovely bones on the dead
girl it's the dead girl she is just
she's like a weirdness about her in her
eyes I think that Luna she got some
crazy stuff going on up there she got
the crazy eyes or conversely we could go
with like a lena dunham Harry this is
like saying weird thing is always naked
for some rewriting naked lunar City
Clooney has tattoos I feel like Lena dev
has a lot of tattoos doesn't you little
probably has some tattoos yeah
got some serious ain't goin on China got
Norville as a tramp stamp I can see they
get Jesse Eisenberg type character from
the social network playing I never
Longbottom because easy you know very
like the nervous and right awkward and
kind of cocky this guy's Rick usually
plays jerks yeah so dearly gangsters
yeah prefer Ginny Weasley you are so
dreamy and you should be played by a
stone Emma Stone hello I'm a stone what
about you said shailene woodley Tim also
has that kind of sassy jenny has to be
able to run with the toughest character
of it also be fine yes so I could see
shearling doing that friend or just kind
of hard because it's limiting because
there are no real notable twin actors in
Hollywood only the ones who do like the
gum commercials like development I don't
know but the vyatta at work is like I
have one actor playing both roles you
know kind of like the social network or
parent trap depending on how you want to
look younger in Matt Smith you know like
right when he was beginning as the
doctor uh-huh dyed his hair red make him
awkward make him pull pranks on people I
think he'd be great he's all you know we
love with Molly Weasley age Amy Acker
she has that sort of like motherly she
done by but she's also she no come to
Christ go with John Travolta and dragged
all the hairs
laemmli I think he'd be wondering this
movie is gonna be so good and it can
also be a musical prize we know John
Travolta can say wait Harry Potter has a
musical I don't think that would work
Remus Lupin is one of my paper
characters so I've thought about this
whole lot either ewan mcgregor I think
would have been a really great casting
the first time around more right now
likely pace i love lee pace i think he's
just like now did you see him in
twilight i know because i think all the
twilight with like the longer hair and
if you know the scrub I'm ready to make
a good Sirius Black Voldemort big Tom
Hiddleston would be really good fit tom
riddle is kind of like almost charming
snake kind of figure I think Voldemort
yes to get his followers somehow I
started on his rhetoric it doesn't
really hold water playing I think Liam
Neeson yeah let me be like ooh you said
Bryan Cranston yeah Bryan Cranston well
maybe and just uh like he's like you
hate to love them before Eisenberg mode
to be like I am the one who knocks I am
the one who knocks at your door it got
to cholla when it kills your family
that's the Baltimore time last and
probably least Snape he's impossible to
cast it's his perfect casting or a
perfect casting but if we had to I think
Jackie Chan yes Meryl Streep Jennifer
Lawrence or younger Alan Rickman any of
Alan Rickman's kids would you we got ya
we have to make him does he have cfk I
think so I hope that you enjoyed that
check out Neil's channel he does all
sorts of fun geeky stuff and let us know
in the comments who you think should be
in this fantasy recasted harry potter
that's never ever going to happen don't
don't yeah maybe it may happen maybe
maybe they'll see anything look at
inspired you hear that Warner Brothers
give us a budget in a good mood hope
that you guys are having a swell day
I'll see you very soon and until then be
brilliant